good morning while they are these
sweethearts of the NFL but it takes more
than you might think to be successful as
a Denver Broncos cheerleader now the
26-member team was selected after annual
auditions with hopefuls in the thousands
over the years and besides game day they
work more than 100 events in more than
1,500 community service hours each year
and include mothers students wives and
professional career women this morning
now we take an all access
behind-the-scenes look to see what it
takes on and off the field to be a
Denver Broncos Cheerleader it's the most
amazing job in the world for these
20-some year old women game day I do not
stop smiling it is such a rush and I
love it they don't really cheer there
are more dancers right they are dancers
most of them have been dancing since
they were two years old dancing their
entire lives have been members of dant
competitive dance teams cheerleading
teams college teams and now this is an
extension of what they've done their
entire lives
baby bring me baby yes yes
it's an early start to game day with
locker room run-throughs of all dance
line routines and that long before the
players hit the field and the crowds get
fired up it's outside to work over each
game time performance everybody's kind
of squished all the way in choreographer
and assistant director Shelly Trujillo
demands high intensity at all times
precise positioning and full strength
efforts making sure everyone's in line
and ready to go six seven eight stop
right there pull in Alison you're way
far Lauren how come you're not dumping
your kind of the drill sergeant right
I'm the bad guy oh yeah just you you see
that uh ya know we'll have a chance I
don't think so sorry i don't think the
uniform would would work be honest here
okay could I pull off the chaps takes a
lot to wear those two so so Drake you're
the man in charge of getting these
ladies ready right get them all pretty
yeah exactly what's your secret well the
secret is is just hired beautiful girls
from the get-go oh there you go Tommy's
yeah it takes a lot to it to get this
fluffy I feel like I should be tan just
talking to you it's spray tan here's the
big question what can you do with us
right here well he walked away now an
hour before kickoff at a fast pace
pregame schedule has the ladies on
promotional tours around the stadium
with photo ops and autograph sessions
these up close moments to meet and greet
the fans is what they say they love the
most
back to regroup and after what many
would consider a full day in minutes
before taking the field an inspirational
message known as the circle is let each
week by different members of the team
mean in this uniform gives us the
opportunity to help people but I know
this is a simple message but you have
the personalities to help people and
still make a difference in lives and I
don't want to go to stop then finally a
showtime down the tunnel and out to more
than 70,000 frenzy football fans with
high fives and hellos and more free game
entertainment before the game even
starts we put in a lot of wearing people
think that you know we just wear uniform
and go out in the field and dance we
work with the junior little junior
cheerleaders teaching more than 600
young ladies technique style and all the
fun that fancy could be is just one of
the many extras in their weekly routines
from long rehearsals to hospital visits
fundraisers and much more this second
full-time job on top of life outside of
football keep the ladies busy on and off
the field seven days a week don't matter
we're out there dancing away we are so
blessed to be on that field and dancing
away how do you love it don't you I love
it it's a very smart group it's a very
diverse group of very I always call them
our overachievers because they're pretty
much good at everything they do so you
seem real nice sit and she laughs good
kid can I pull off the chaps oh they all
laugh at me Greg I think you could pull
the chaps off better than any of us my
friend all right that's what over there
here at sports authority field mile hi
it's Craig Coffey on Fox 21 News
I'll tell you good times out there for
sure smart beautiful and talented three
things I've never been accused of thank
goodness we can see you in my life yeah
sorry no free coffee me dress myself
right mid dress and nothing I try you're
good I try they are so nice and so busy
too they do so much outside of game day
it really is good if you want to meet
the girls like I did huh okay where we
go how do i do that you can do that just
check out their facebook page and their
big stops all over Colorado here in the
springs as well for calendar signings
and all that good stuff too and they'll
get all the dates and locations to you